We want to make an Ai powered Quran learning app

Features:
1. Summary, background, explanation of a verse or set of verses. 

Modes:

a. Reading mode: verses and translations. 
=> Give option to hide or show translation and Arabic word to word for each ayah
=> Translation can be Urdu or English but for tafsir for now put only English option
=> There should be tafsir button and it opens tafsir (load it from data) then it has options of Lesson mode 

b. Hifz mode where a user select ayah from Quran (or as button in reading mode) then given for every set give 4 random sets as choices as correct answer for next corresponding set and proceed form that correct set. A set is a part of verse divided into breaks like صلے ط قلے etc or a whole verse without these pauses. The sets in choices are first 3 to 4 words of next set

c. Lesson mode for a rukuh: (background if any, short summary of ruku, a quiz and a chatbot) 
=> Quiz has 5 RANDOM (each time it's opened, different questions) mcqs with 4 choices specifically from that tafseer or ruku only. It should not be too easy. Include facts or fill in the blank or any other in the quiz. U can use data from any other rukus from Quran to mix up the options.
There can be different quiz sets, like rukuh lesson or Arabic vocabulary quiz. 
=> The lesson mode should completely be generated by rag to avoid hallucinations. 
=> In lesson mode, include a Ask AI option too that Uses rag to answer the users' queries related to the material they are currently on. It should completely be free of any hallucinations. Be precise, concise and to the point AUTHENTIC.

3. Arabic learning tab also to learn vocabulary there should be options to learn words that are cover most of whole Quran 
And also that are specific to some verses then a quiz option too to evaluate. Can be to guess from mcqs or match the words

4. Streak, bonus, points system
To motivate the users we add this feature which each day (at 11pm give notification if not filled) ask user His total namaz prayed (mosque, home, qazah, missed: 3 to 0 points respectively) for each namaz.
Scale the final namaz score
Ask for 5 star rating range for anger control, that day
Track the user's number of ayahs read and include it in the score too and hifz score as well.
After all these scores add or combine them mathematically scaled and track it in a calendar

 -----

=> When loading data for a ruku for knowledge base, overlap 3 ayahs before and after the current ruku to know the context.

=> Use strong exception handling to avoid unexpected errors in any part of the app

=> The project folder you are working on is a git repository.

=>> First make the porject on some surahs and sample data and then I will provide u full Quran dataset with tafseer
For rag let me know if API key is needed if yes then which is free of cost with maximum credits
For now use sample data.

=>>> List down all the requirement I need like API or data etc explicitly.

==>> STOP WHEN THE CREDITS ARE FINISHED AND INITIMIDATE ME.